README.md, before:

# Gaming Integrity Analytics

## Authors
Ella Vacic

## Project Description

### Overview
This project explores the dynamics of social behaviour within a popular multiplayer online game. The aim is to understand the behaviour of players who engage in unauthorised use of game-enhancing software and how this influences the experience and activities of other players.

### Hypotheses
1. Players who engage in cheating tend to interact with others who cheat more frequently than would be expected by chance.
2. Players who interact with cheaters are more likely to adopt similar behaviours over time.

### Results Summary
The findings suggest that cheaters tend to group together more often than expected by chance alone. Furthermore, as indicated by results, players are more likely to begin engaging in unauthorised use of game-enhancing software following interactions with those who already are.

## Tech Stack
- **Python
- **Jupyter Notebook

## Installation Instructions
Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/repository-name.git
   ```

Commit message:

Updated data section in README

README.md, after:

# Gaming Integrity Analytics

## Authors
Ella Vacic

## Project Description

### Overview
This project explores the dynamics of social behaviour within a popular multiplayer online game. The aim is to understand the behaviour of players who engage in unauthorised use of game-enhancing software and how this influences the experience and activities of other players.

### Hypotheses
1. Players who engage in cheating tend to interact with others who cheat more frequently than would be expected by chance.
2. Players who interact with cheaters are more likely to adopt similar behaviours over time.

## Data
The data used to extract findings is not provided. To run the code with new data, it should be formatted as is outlined in the Jupyter Notebook.

### Results Summary
The findings suggest that cheaters tend to group together more often than expected by chance alone. Furthermore, as indicated by results, players are more likely to begin engaging in unauthorised use of game-enhancing software following interactions with those who already are.

## Tech Stack
- Python
- Jupyter Notebook

## Installation Instructions
Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/repository-name.git
   ```
